Technically, I was born in Connecticut, but at the ripe old age of 4, my family moved to New York. At age 14, my parents split, and my mom, brother, and I moved to North Carolina. There, I participated in Boy Scouts, obtaining the rank of Eagle Scout. I also participated in my high school's band, which earned many regional and national awards. It was also during this time that I met my beautiful bride-to-be.

After graduating, I moved to Colorado to pursue a degree in architecture. Continuing on some work from high school, I decided to persue a degree in Architecture. However, after many long nights, powered by energy drinks, building models and sketching designs, I decided that architecture wasn't the field for me. I eventually realized that what I liked about my high school drafting class wasn't designing buildings, but rather working on the computer, in AutoCAD. On top of that, the job prospects in the architecture field simply didn't look good. But my time in the architecture program wasn't wasted. I learned a lot of valuable lessons about the design process in general, which I've applied to my software projects.

What really got me interested in computers was the job I got in CU Boulder's OIT sysadmin department. I worked for the people that maintained the hardware and software that ran all the important services the campus used. My job title when I started was "documentation specialist", which basically meant I did the boring documentation work that the sysadmins never had time to do.

After a few months, my supervisor asked if I wanted to learn how to code. Up until that point, I had very little knowledge about how software worked. I knew a fair bit about the hardware components, because my dad works in IT support, but I'd never seen a line of code. My first language was Perl. I was tasked with fixing some bugs with a web form used to report system problems. I read most of the O'Reilly book on Perl, and dove into the project. Later in my education, I came to realize that the project had been the worst spaghetti-code I would ever see, but at the time, I simply worked hard to understand how all the pieces worked together, find the issue, and fix it.

After that first programming project, software continued being an interest for me. Over the next few years, I gained a lot of experience in many programming languages, as well as linux system administration and databases. That job greatly influenced my decision to switch my major to Computer Science, and I'm very glad it did. Now, there's rarely a day that goes by that I don't write some code.

From here, my plans are to get a job with a software company, and start a family.